c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\ValidatorProject.exe.config
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\ValidatorProject.exe
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\ValidatorProject.pdb
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.g.resources
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.exe
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.pdb
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\aleksandra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Aleksandra\Documents\GIT Aleksandra\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\bin\Debug\ValidatorProject.exe.config
C:\Users\Aleksandra\Documents\GIT Aleksandra\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.exe
C:\Users\Aleksandra\Documents\GIT Aleksandra\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\ValidatorProject\obj\Debug\ValidatorProject.pdb
